no it happened on the third day that
Esther put on her royal robes and stood
in the inner court of the king's palace
across from the king's house while the
King sat on his royal throne in the
royal house facing the entrance of the
house so it was when the King saw Queen
Esther standing in the court that she
found favor in his sight and the King
held out Esther the golden sceptre that
was in his hand then Esther went near
and touched the top of the sceptre and
the King said to her what do you wish
Queen Esther what is your request it
shall be given to you up to half the
kingdom if it pleases the King that the
king and Haman come today to the banquet
that I have prepared for him
[Music]
bring him in quickly that he may do as
Esther has said so the king and Haman
went to the banquet that Esther had
prepared at the banquet of wine the king
said to Esther what is your petition it
shall be granted you what is your
request up to half the kingdom it shall
be done my petition and request is this
if I have found favor in the sight of
the king and if it pleases the King to
grant my petition and fulfill my request
then let the king and Haman come to the
banquet which I will prepare for them
and tomorrow I will do as the king has
said so Haman went out that day joyful
and with a glad heart but when Haman saw
Mordecai in the Kings gate and that he
did not stand or tremble before him he
was filled with indignation against
Mordecai nevertheless Haman restrained
himself and went home and he sent and
called for his friends and his wife 0sh
when Haman told them of his great riches
the multitude of his children everything
in which the king had promoted him and
how he had advanced him above the
officials and servants of the king
besides Queen Esther invited no one but
me to come in with the King to the
banquet that she prepared and tomorrow I
am again invited by her along with the
king I told this avails me nothing so
long as I see Mordecai the Jew sitting
at the Kings
that his wife 0sh and all his friends
said to him let a gallows be made fifty
cubits high and in the morning suggests
the king that Mordecai be hanged on it
then go merrily with the King to the
banquet and the thing please Damon so he
had the gallows made
you